release: 2026-02-13 (#3524)
tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle: CHANGELOG.md

Subscribe to the [tracking issue #2231](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/issues/2231)
to receive notifications about breaking changes!

## TigerBeetle 0.16.73

Released: 2026-02-13

### Safety And Performance

- [#3505](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3505)

>   Making AOF recovery deterministic to avoid interference with non-aof-recovery requests.

Reviewer: These were actually unrelated changes
```suggestion
  Making AOF recovery deterministic, and prevent interference from non-aof-recovery requests.
```

> - [#3508](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3508)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#3508](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3508),
```

  [#3516](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3516)

>   Improve Rust client testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Improve Rust client testing.
```

### Internals

- [#3511](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3511)

>   Strip tracking parameters from Spotify links

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Strip tracking parameters from Spotify links.
```

- [#3517](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3517)
  [#3520](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3520)
  
  Release: Include vortex driver executable

>   CFO: Bump vortex log size

Reviewer: Explain the "why" behind changes.
```suggestion
- [#3517](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3517)
  
  Include vortex zig driver executable in release artifacts, in preparation for multiversion testing in vortex.
```

Author: Oh, I missed writing a summary for this one. Thank you for pointing that out, the suggestion is great!

- [#3522](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3522)

>   Tracing LSM write amplification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Add metrics tracking LSM write amplification.
```
